what happens when you leave a
filet-o-fish and wine for a month let's
talk about that good mythical morning
Valentine's Day is this week and I'm
sorry I don't sound more excited about
it but you know what would help
why yes both now and on my romantic
Valentine's date mmm liquid pleasure
gosh please know we all know how a wine
gets better with age but what if we aged
things in wine for a month what about
dad well find out we once again return
to the shelf that we leave things on
which we call the shelf that we leave
things on we've done coke bleach air
Guinness salt pull water nail polish
remover mouthwash champagne shamrock
shakes and whiskey in 93 Infiniti G 20
margaritas and dirt and we're still
alive today in the name of love we gonna
try grown-up grape juice it's time for
left on a shelf wine edition you know
this goes will be presented with an item
or several items that have been left in
wine for a month and then we'll have to
guess what happened to those items now
if we get three or more right we get to
taste red wine red wine and Google
mythical more but if we don't we have to
try onion wine YUM now for our first
item corn on the cob left in red wine
for a month
okay and specifically what we're trying
to guess is what happened to the cob
okay and the inside so did the cob of
the corn on the cob a turn purple like
all those eggplant emojis Morgan sends
me or be retain its color like a mood
ring on a sociopath I get it so let's
make you feel guilty I get it okay so
red wine red wine does have definitely
definite staining properties how could
it not change color where it goes like a
weird only they turn purple that is our
official answer
see ship I am don't know yet alright
I'll tone that thing right out of there
okay okay see purple corn all right in
you know
all right we're right but we made an
assumption that you know they did cut
the ends which drastically increase the
chances of it fitting in the jar but
because we're right we're not gonna keep
your right yet you got it you gotta take
that yarn off and look like it you know
I can see the ends no you still don't
know only very few started to turn a
little bit purple some turn the ends
well no guys the cob part you gotta take
the the kernels off the corn teeth and
the cob is the cylinder ah so yeah look
it even in the middle it bypassed the
corn teats and went straight to the
cylinder there's a wine there's a wine
core in the middle of this like what if
you took
yeah but bite and then what would it
look like well first of all what would
it taste like wine it's not bad
this drum does strong uh and once you
get into that look at look at all that
purple yes so we were more right than we
even knew sometime we thought we were
wrong right again
we need Stevie to lead us to the right
answer
quick reminder a new fancy fast food
drop today over on the mythical kitchen
channel be sure to go over there check
it out and subscribe thank you uh I
forgot everyone wearing the beret don't
touch me like wow doesn't work no I did
not
Jimmy Bell laughs Oh Jim exhibited
charcoal and dairy wine and if the
horrible day in the other hair all right
so we'd see if the options all right
keep going all right so they want to
know between the charcoal and the
hard-boiled egg still in the shell right
ah which one got all moldy like the
walls on the Smosh side of the studio
that we just painted over before they
moved in right over is it the charcoal
and the white wine or the hard-boiled
egg in the red wine or both moldy moldy
moldy
this is might need a little might need a
little any inspiration nope sorry
so okay um moldy I don't understand what
is gonna charcoal can't get mold on it
isn't it like some sort of like it's
like a inorganic material or know it's
like it's burned stuff molten definitely
go on charcoal is happening at my house
oh it has yep oh okay habitat links
house but excuse me can happen at
Laura's house it was not it was not in
wine Rene I think we got to go with what
we know I'm going with charcoal and the
white wine I don't think the hard-boiled
egg using eggs in stuff for long periods
of time
no mold on it the shells not gonna be
moldy is it what's underneath the shell
no how would they even know I got x-ray
vision charcoal I don't think the mold
could get underneath the shell or on top
of the shell I agree
whoa I've got some protein in me thank
you you're welcome
okay so we're going with the charcoal
and what yes yes yes late just like your
house so let me take one of these out I
got my tongs you tong that and let me
totally sure because you know as we
learned in the last round you might
think you're right and you could be
wrong you might think you're wrong and
you could be right yeah we're not wrong
this is such a wild um situation I mean
you've got that like a burnt thing in
wine that's growing is it it but they
both are moldy yeah I know that is moldy
thing I know just acting like maybe I
was right okay
now so there's mulches are you okay I
just gotta say are you sure this is not
just crystals do we know that this is
mold only one Oh baby break it over to
the tests that we purchased that was the
is this crystals or mold test we did get
a result of mold but sometimes those
tests are faulty so I mean if you're
looking for like a half-point or
something I'd be willing no no we ought
to get a half point
what's this yeah something grew on them
but my my
leaf is that this is crystals of some
kind you think like sugar yeah sugar
crystals no that's definitely hairy and
it's the same on this we're half right
which means we were totally wrong in the
past we left grapes and things like
margarita and I also beard him six feet
under to varying results but if there's
one thing that we've got to leave grapes
in its why right I mean that's just art
yeah we've left green grapes and white
wine for a month and red grapes and red
wine for a month what are our options
okay which grapes turn fizzy on the
inside like links insides when he
accidentally set on his SodaStream Wow
alright moving on from that mental
picture too there is no picture right
hey you got a gas Christie about that
hey the green grapes and the white wine
be red grapes and the red wine or both
fizzy on the inside so we're gonna be
tasting some grapes for fizziness we're
more likely to be this well you know
what there's an inverse correlation
between tannin concentration and
fizziness therefore I am saying just the
green grapes turn fizzy we all know that
well I have absolutely nothing to go on
except the fact that use made-up tannins
so you're saying fizzy in the red
fizzing the river fizzy and the grizzy
and the green okay we're gonna go with
fizzy and the green hey the green grapes
and the red one listen let's um let's
really white wine let's roll out them oh
that sounded a little fizzy just a tad
let's just see if I get anything over
here
I didn't hear any you hear anything with
those cannons but I think all the
fizziness is in the grape it's not in
the jar little pincer it's not gonna
work this grape which I will eat let's
see let's hear let's try these first you
mean the fizzy ones yeah ok stain I
think we just grabbed it
so just pluck one grab it darken
okay let's see if it's fizzy oh wow it's
very whiny it tastes like champagne
fizzy yeah it has like almost a bite to
it it's kind of Papa's got a bite it's
got a fizziness I don't know why I'm
happy because that means that I'm wrong
well you don't know that you gotta try
these well either way because we didn't
say both you try one of these was how it
was I exactly opposite of right I
believe so oh that one's mushy
do these no pop no fizz no crackle I was
exactly wrong and you know what I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm not big on ordering
a filet-o-fish why man it's a lot to
soak up wine so what are our options
here did the McDonald's filet-o-fish
left in white wine for a month a stay
completely preserved like the size of
rets chin from birth 1/2 or be develop a
rancid smell like Gwyneth Paltrow's this
smells like my vagina scented candle
that's a real thing heard about that yes
they're flying off the shelves oh gosh
there's no way it completely preserved
well it's just spongy you know
McDonald's stuff man
McDonald's is yeah Amos yeah like leave
things out for a really long time and
they stay completely unchanged this bun
is like bioengineers its up but it's
that doesn't mean it's not a sponge for
a liquid now but I think it's going to
look exactly
the same well that would be miraculous
and you know what because of my just
biessing on the last round we've already
lost we got to eat the onion wine
correct well I'm gonna drink it I'm
gonna chew it down so I will defer to
you I can't see how it's possible but I
kind of hope it's I hope it does
preserve don't be amazed I think it is
now first of all did it develop a rancid
smell that seems very likely right again
bioengineered it's got this like this
stuff is gonna let it's gonna last
forever it's like the only thing left
after the apocalypse will be roaches and
McDonald does it smell like fish now not
really kinda a little but so I combined
a we're saying a yes what do we have to
lose pride oh my goodness now I don't
know that I call that preserved it's I
mean it's in a different shape for sure
it's it's gotten bigger you know that
and it's very puffy this is Mel Oh
smells like wine but you don't also is
being completely capped off by the bud
so alright we got to pull it out what
can you just pour the whole thing out
well they'll all come out in one big I
think I think that tray will hold all
that I hope it will yeah I mean it's how
to fillet a fish in it for a month it's
in front of my lap yeah yeah yeah just
yeah yeah just let it come on out cuz I
cuz it is you sir it is preserved yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
that's gonna hold it I'll just let it
slide right look at that look at that
bud and then this the bottom part oh
that broke
there we go are y'all calling that
preserved
let's yeah let's smell it it doesn't it
got wet it got wet Peach State to be
honest it was a little bit of a tricky
question cuz it does smell like Gwyneth
Paltrow's vagina which is more like wine
and fish to be honest let me smell well
I mean this is I don't know mmm okay
yeah it smells like wine it doesn't
smell like Gwyneth and it doesn't smell
like fish so we're good so we're calling
this preserves Earth I mean we're Acula
still lose if you dry that out it will
be no different than when it started
Oh also we left lanes classes in mind
for a month huh well that's where my
wine glasses have been thanks for
subscribing and clicking that Bell you
know what time it is burn or the
Caroline we got a whole festival yeah I
didn't know that now I do I'll be there
next year click the top link to watch us
taste boxed wines and onion wine
little more and if I know whether
willing at the gallery is gonna land
that do it just which one man Josh do
you want to taste the liquor with ya oh
holy crap oh my god might wanna stir
from get in there with your tasting
spoon